Teaching my mother how to use a computer : Chronicles of a tech-savvy daughter

1. Don't know how to use a computer and don't understand how the whole "C drive slash slash" thing works.
2. Google Drive - don't understand what it is for.  After you told me, I know that we can store downloads and things like that. 
3. CC I never understood that.  "If I have to write an email and it shows [autocompletion of email address].  i'm scared." Why? "I think something will happen and it'll go wrong."  
	a. didn't know where to put the email address
	b. didn't know the order of where to put the person's name, the subject, things like that. 
	
	
4. Once you told me that the email completes the person's name once i start typing, then i felt better

5. Didn't know where to put the person's name

Before: knew compose and send if someone gives me an email address. 

edX - started watching the demo course that said "just click the button to start the demo course!"  Spend about 20 minutes rewatching the video to understand where she needs to click.  Then I pointed her to the big green button called "Enroll Now" where she can start the demo course.

"I'm scared that there are so many instructions to use something. if you give me one piece of paper with 10 instructions on it, then I want to follow it. Otherwise I have to go into hundreds of different directions and it'll take forever."


===
Android Phone
Didn' tknow anything about it.  I am scared to hold it.  Till then, I had a dumbphone and I liked it.  
"As I see in a TED talk, they are the initial people.  Next 30% buy because it seems to work well.  The next 30% buy because everyone's buying.  The last few percent will switch only if a rotary is banned.  I ended up in that last group somehow."
"In India, I'm ashamed to use my dumbphone (laggard's phone).  Even the maid and cook have smartphones and they use them so well."

-Had no understanding of what the home screen is, where the apps are coming from
-"Why are there 5 different ways to go to the same thing [app]?"
-The sliding buttons that indicate how many windows you are sliding - no idea what that was and that you can swipe across
-The hard press on an app to move, remove, etc - had no idea that it was possible to do that and "need a person to teach me those things. No idea how.

====
iPhone
Once again didn't understand the paradigm of a long press on the phone screen to move apps, remove apps.
Scared to take a video "because I think my hand will shake and I'll mess it up."  Then why don't you take another one? "I know but just.."
Wanting to delete things immediately as they enter the phone - wanting to keep the phone "clean"
Wanted to understand, "How did all these apps come here? How do you get Viber and Whatsapp?" 

needed explanation for how a iCloud account works. Showed her mine to say, look here's where my contacts and notes and etc. get saved into the internet so that no matter how many times i swtich my iphone, i can get it all back.  

Created an apple ID with her gmail email address; still forgets which password to put where, when logging into either account. mixes them up

Was able to change wallpaper by herself! Was able to take pictures on her own!  Was able to open youtube and ted videos on the youtube app on her own

Wanted to learn how to upload videos to youtube.  Taught mom once but she's not sure she'll use it.  (Once again, doesn't know WHAT tasks/actions to ask about. Doesn't know that there's a prioritiy in things you should learn on the iphone and mastering the rest becomes easy.  What are those "few techniques" to know? Doesn't know to ask, and it's hard for me to also think about what they are, because it all feels natural to me."



